bump to v7.2.0 (#2297)
mandiant/capa: CHANGELOG.md

### New Features

### Breaking Changes

### New Rules (0)

-

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v7.2.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/compare/v7.2.0...master)
- [capa-rules v7.2.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules/compare/v7.2.0...master)

### v7.2.0

> The v7.2.0 release adds a web-based UI for online and offline usage, as well as a DRAKVUF sandbox feature extractor.
> Additionally, we fixed several bugs and added other features such as extracting names from dynamically resolved APIs in the IDA extractor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capa v7.2.0 adds support to analyze DRAKVUF sandbox dynamic analysis results. This release also introduces a first version of capa explorer web: a web-based user interface to inspect capa results using your browser. capa explorer web is available at https://mandiant.github.io/capa/explorer/#/.

These enhancements have been contributed by @yelhamer and @s-ff  as part of their Google Summer of Code 2024 projects.

Additionally, we fixed several bugs handling ELF files and added support to the IDA Pro extractor to leverage analyst recovered API names.
```

### New Features

### Breaking Changes

### New Rules (0)

-

### Bug Fixes

### capa explorer IDA Pro plugin

### Development

### Raw diffs
- [capa v7.2.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa/compare/v7.2.0...master)
- [capa-rules v7.2.0...master](https://github.com/mandiant/capa-rules/compare/v7.2.0...master)

### v7.2.0

> capa v7.2.0 adds support to analyze DRAKVUF sandbox dynamic analysis results. This release also introduces a first version of capa explorer web: a web-based user interface to inspect capa results using your browser. capa explorer web is available at https://mandiant.github.io/capa/explorer/#/.

Reviewer 2: I think we should include links to more documentation about these new features. They are exciting! They deserve more than one sentence each, even if its not inline.

Author: I have updated this now, please feel free if you would like to reword it.

> capa v7.2.0 introduces a first version of capa explorer web: a web-based user interface to inspect capa results using your browser. Now, users can upload their samples or sandbox reports to the online web instance and get a list of the capabilities extracted from it. Users can also filter, sort, and see the details of each extracted capabilitiy which makes analyzing samples much easier. capa explorer web was worked on by @s-ff as part of a [GSoC project](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2024/projects/cR3hjbsq), and it is available at https://mandiant.github.io/capa/explorer/#/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
capa v7.2.0 introduces a first version of capa explorer web: a web-based user interface to inspect capa results using your browser. Users can inspect capa result JSON documents in an online web instance or a standalone HTML page for offline usage. capa explorer supports interactive exploring of capa results to make it easier to understand them. Users can filter, sort, and see the details of all identified capabilities. capa explorer web was worked on by @s-ff as part of a [GSoC project](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/programs/2024/projects/cR3hjbsq), and it is available at https://mandiant.github.io/capa/explorer/#/.
```
